I inform you in summary for new
or those are not aware or have not seen.
The date of November 6, on television,
the president's speech, did you see him?
I show you the picture:
non-subtitle sequence
You did see?
from that moment, the deaf angry,
the comments are going well.
What do we do?
We make a letter, we did it!
The text is done, what are we doing?
We send the letter to the President of the Republic.
The National Federation of the Deaf of France
is aware..
Do you want to know the contents of the letter?
Of course, the translation into LSF is done, I show you:
During the translation, read the letter ...
The letter is translated ..
Print them in 2 times.
You write the home address in the red box
Sign the letter.
The first, send to the President of the Republic.
at this address:
the second at the FNSF at this address:
That's all?
In a house of a family of four,
children aged 18 and your wife
make two letters per person.
No more letter, the number sent augments faster.
If you have friends, relatives, family
do not have Facebook. So!
Take your mail, copy and paste the video link
and attach two letters and broadcast them.
When to this video in Facebook or Youtube
you can share it, broadcast the ...
Lionel, Valérie and I thank you for your listening.
Good luck to reach the goal.
The important thing is Solidarity .. Thank you ...
Thanks to the people who supported us the project of the letter
The person hearing wrote the letter, also
Deaf people to support us
reading the letter and exchange of opinion.
THANK you warmly.